{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7480\viewh12800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs90 \cf0 UnityMusicPlayer\

\fs36 Version 0.8\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs48 \cf0 Tutorial:
\f0\fs36 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Right Arrow Key:
\fs28  Swipe to OnlineMusicBrowser
\fs36 \
Left Arrow Key:
\fs28  Swipe to MusicViewer
\fs36 \
Down Arrow Key:
\fs28  Play next song
\fs36 \
Up Arrow Key:
\fs28  Play previous song
\fs36 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs48 \cf0 FAQ:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
(Q) How do I add songs?\
(A) There are a few ways to add songs, the easiest being to click the "Add Songs" button, and drag your audio files into the folder that will appear. You can also download music via the 
\i OnlineMusicBrowser
\i0 . If you don't know what that is, read on.\
\
(Q) I listened to Owl City before Fireflies, and I want to add music the hard way.\
(A) You can navigate to\
Mac: 
\fs28 /
\fs24 Users
\fs28 /
\fs24 *Username*
\fs28 /
\fs24 Library
\fs28 /
\fs24 Application Support
\fs28 /
\fs24 2Cat Studios
\fs28 /
\fs24 Unity Music Player
\fs28 /
\fs24 Media\
Windows: C:\\Users\\*Username*\\AppData\\Roaming\\2Cat Studios\\Unity Music Player\\Media\
and drop music files in there.\
\
(Q) A few questions back you mentioned something called an OnlineMusicBrowser?\
(A) Yes I did.\
\
(Q) \'85 You serious?\
(A) Nah, I'm kidding. The OnlineMusicBrowser is our music "store". You can navigate to it by pressing the 
\i right
\i0  arrow key.\
\
(Q) Okay, I went to your "store" (it's very cool, by the way), and downloaded some songs; how do I get back to the play menu?!\
(A) The 
\i left
\i0  arrow key will take you back to the 
\i MusicViewer
\i0 .\
\
(Q) I added some music, but I don't see it!\
(A) UnityMusicPlayer only supports .WAV audio files, but have no fear, there are easy ways to convert them; scroll to the bottom to see how.\
\
(Q) You said UMP only supports .WAV files, why?\
(A) The answer is simple: .MP3 licensing fees are too expensive, and who uses any other formats? (That is rhetorical, I know you like M4A)\
\
(Q) I can read your mind, and I know that you know that I like M4A. Does UMP support that?\
(A) Woah, you're creepy\'85 anyway, no, UMP only supports WAV. That said, the more people that contact us asking for other music formats, the more likely you'll see it in a future update.\
\
(Q) I have Shuffle on, but my song has repeated! The deck must be rigged!\
(A) Put simply, the Shuffle function randomly (if you believe in random) picks a song to play; that means the same song can play many times in a row (although, it's unlikely).\
\
(Q) My totally important question was not answered here, what do I do?!!1!!!1!11!!!!!1!\
(A) If this FAQ didn't resolve your question, please email me at: gibsonbethke@gmail.com\
\
(Q) After reading the FAQ, I feel worse about myself.\
(A) Although this is a serious FAQ, I wanted it to be fun to read\'85 so I added humor! It's all meant in good fun, and I hope I didn't offend you (guy who listened to Owl City before Fireflies, I'm talking to you)!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf0 Converting to .WAV:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
In order to listen to music in UMP, you must have .WAV audio files. Although we haven't included a way to convert music natively (yet), you can use iTunes to easily change music from almost any format to .WAV. It's a relatively simple process, and I'll list the steps bellow.\
\
(1) Open iTunes.\
\
(2) Navigate to iTunes preferences.\
\
(3) Under the General tab, find the "Import Settings\'85" button (near the bottom)\
\
(4) Set "Import Using:" to WAV Encoder\
\
(5) Click Okay, and select all the songs you want to convert (Shift-Click)\
\
(6) Right click, and select "Create WAV Version"\
\
(7) After the converting process has completed, drag the songs to your UMP folder.\
\
(8) ???\
\
(9) Profit\
\
If something didn't go right, and this guide didn't help to convert songs, just search " Convert song to WAV " on the internet, and you'll find better tutorials.\
\
Alternatively, you can search " Convert song to WAV "  before doing the steps listed above; you may find some online tool that makes it even easier.}